README.md, before:

# Troof!

> We have moved to a monorepo for our project, which is a version control repository that contains all of the code for our project in a single location. This is different from the traditional approach, where each application or package would have its own separate repository.

## Folders and Packages

```bash
-   apps
    -   services # Backend services (Express.js)
    -   web # Frontend web (Next.js)
-   packages
    -   database # Database utils (Prisma)
    -   helpers # Helper functions used both in backend and frontend
    -   responses # Response utils (Express.js)
    -   socket # Socket utils types (Socket.io) and events that are used in both backend and frontend
    -   truth-or-dare-generator # Separate package for data cleansing truth and dares
    -   ui # UI components (React)
```

## Commands

The main commands can be read in the main `package.json` file. Each `turbo run <X>` command will run `<X>` in each repository if found. So example web and admin has a `turbo run dev` command, which will run `dev` in both repositories.

Commit message:

fix: :bug: fix turbo build + add api package

README.md, after:

# Troof!

> We have moved to a monorepo for our project, which is a version control repository that contains all of the code for our project in a single location. This is different from the traditional approach, where each application or package would have its own separate repository.

## Folders and Packages

```bash
-   apps
    -   services # Backend services (Express.js)
    -   web # Frontend web (Next.js)
-   packages
    -   api # API utils (Axios)
    -   database # Database utils (Prisma)
    -   helpers # Helper functions used both in backend and frontend
    -   responses # Response utils (Express.js)
    -   socket # Socket utils types (Socket.io) and events that are used in both backend and frontend
    -   truth-or-dare-generator # Separate package for data cleansing truth and dares
    -   ui # UI components (React)
```

## Adding a new package

### Take for example I want to add a new package called `math`:

Since this project is built using TypeScript, it is important to add the `tsconfig.json` file to the root of the package.

1.  Create a `package.json` in the directory and prepend the package name with `@troof/` (e.g. `@troof/math`). This will be used to reference the package in other packages.
2.  Add the `tsconfig.json` file to the root of the package. This will be used to compile the TypeScript code to JavaScript.
3.  Back in the `package.json` file, add the `build` and `dev` scripts. The `build` script will be used to compile the TypeScript code to JavaScript and the `dev` script will be used to watch for changes in the TypeScript code and compile it to JavaScript.
4.  Add the `main` and `types` fields to the `package.json` file. The `main` field will be used to reference the compiled JavaScript code and the `types` field will be used to reference the TypeScript type definitions.
5.  Add the `private` field to the `package.json` file and set it to `true`. This will prevent the package from being published to the npm registry and also to allow for successful installation of the package in other packages.
6.  Run `yarn dev` in the root folder of the package to start watching for changes in the TypeScript code and compile it to JavaScript.
7.  In another package that needs `@troof/math`, include it in the `package.json` file and run `yarn` to install the package.

```json
{
	"dependencies": {
		"@troof/math": "*"
	}
}
```

8.  Remember to lint, test and run the package before pushing it to deployment.

## Commands

The main commands can be read in the main `package.json` file. Each `turbo run <X>` command will run `<X>` in each repository if found. So example web and admin has a `turbo run dev` command, which will run `dev` in both repositories.
